weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] . 
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
will never purchase apex again . 
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
apex does n't answer the phone . 
no way to contact their customer service . 
very bad quality . 
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
the door would not close . 
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
have had problems since the first day 
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . 
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
wo n't play a lot of discs . 
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
the dvd player does not work properly . 
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . 
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
door broke after a month . 
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
now i know why - they are pieces of junk . 
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
this dvd play is basicly junk . 
it wo n't play all of my movies . 
i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does . 
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
the first one would n't work from the start . 
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments . 
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
there was neither picture nor sound . 
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual . 
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
it has never worked . 
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response . 
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze . 
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through . 
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
when the player was working it was great ,but . 
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed . 
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
apex sucks ! 
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
the remote is a little hard to understand . 
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
video output stopped workin . 
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
what a disappointment ! 
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold . 
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it ! 
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good . 
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait . 
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
this is extemely lame . 
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
however , it has failed to deliver on quality . 
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies . 
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
* main dial is not backlit . 
* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
the grain was terrible . 
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise . 
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
got way too many blurry pictures . 
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing . 
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
the included memory card is too small . 
it is made of plastic . 
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost . 
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
this camera has a major design flaw . 
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
Some more manual control would have been nice. 
The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
 battery life is not long enough IF and ONLY IF you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times...the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it's normal. 
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
The buttons are rather stiff. 
Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
First off, the battery.
This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
The flash is very weak.
The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
it's not my first choice in cameras,
1) It is perhaps too small. 
I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
It is hot enough to be annoying.
I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
I then realized a major design flaw.
All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
The digital zoom is crap.
The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
The price is $... more.
I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
price[-1][u]I bought it new, when it was cutting edge and very expensive.
All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
Why did I wait so long?  detail[-1],color rendition[-1][cc]I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset . 
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating . 
overall , a very disappointing product . 
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
size - bigger than the ipod 
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
- included creative software is pretty poor . 
i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
this product is too fragile for normal use . 
however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
this is ridiculous . 
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
the interface used could be better designed . 
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
2 ) scroll button / switch 
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
the software , which comes with player is not good at all . 
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
this thing is trash . 
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
the software failed repeatedly . 
creative labs customer support website is useless . 
software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
on my main computer the software did not work right . 
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . ) 
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
fm receiver - it has none . 
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive . 
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
software - the software is crap . 
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
no line out jack - as i said , there is none . 
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
controls are a bit awkward . 
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
crappy headphones . 
the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
but the major problem i had was with the software . 
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
but the earbuds suck ! 
i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . . 
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! 
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket . 
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
it also has unproven battery life . 
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
* software is absolutely terrible : 
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with . 
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
mediasource did not recognize my tags ! 
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook . 
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player . 
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
i will never buy a creative product again . 
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
nothing but hassle with this company . 
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
the software sucks . 
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % . 
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes . 
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
third , the poor design continues with the case . 
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
you need the software to actually transfer files 
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
creative software stinks . 
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
do n't buy this player . 
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
do n't buy this player . 
do not buy this product -- 
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
what a junk . 
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
We found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader, there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used.
We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
 Too costly and not efficient if you ask me!
2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
It still smelled.
Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
Also much less stinky.
Don't buy the diaper champ.
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
To eliminate any smells we simple stuck a Stick Up room deodorizer inside the lid.
The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
I added a crank for those times when I  need to make fine adjustments, but I seldom use it.
I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
This router was a huge disapointment.
The depth adjustment was sloppy.
The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
All in all, not very good.
The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
Finally, I gave up and I purchased a Router Razier.
I am seriously considering purchasing another wrench and just not using the "sliding wrench" which comes on the router.
It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
Recenly the variable speed control went out.
It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
Only problem is that is a bit heavy.
They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
My first router is a safety hazard if you do not pay attention and are not very careful.
Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
You must keep double checking depths.
Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
 Also, not liking the gel case. 
 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
 CUSTOMER SERVICE: Awful. Listen to this one, remember the battery statement I made earlier. 
 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
 The back of the iPod is in a chrome finish, and this surface is prone to scratches. 
but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
 The interface took a little getting used to.
 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
 No Memory Stick slots-- Although a rare feature, it would be nice to have extra storage, not that it needs it Built-in Lithium Battery-- A huge hassle to bring this back; draining the battery once you get it helps, but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient
No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
  *	You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *	
My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
 The user support service isn't too great either.  
 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!	
  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
 As with most headphones that come with any type of music player,I recommend throwing these into the nearest river, unless you like having hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears. 
Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
  Cons Breaks easily. 
Hard drive screws up occasionally
This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
 The only problem is the battery life.
Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
It is not reliable.  
A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
Very annoying.    
The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
I was having intermittent problems with it losing connection. 
I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
The instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually. 
This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
 Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
Stay away from this junk. 
Was a bit wary because the software is Windows only and I have an iMac. 
The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
Now this router is not the cheapest on the market.  
Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
Important to note that what I really needed was an access point as my DSL modem already does the router thing and I have a wired 100M network round the house.   setup[-1] We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
The tech support is worthless too.     
Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
Who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "foreign" computer just to move over some simple (*.txt) files?  
) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
You have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost. 
I took my Zen Micro with me over the weekend, and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason: to keep the Zen Micro charged. 
I have trashed this product on other opinion sites based on this major flaw alone. 
) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
i dont especially like how music files are unstructured; basically they are just dumped into one folder with no organization, like you might have in windows explorer folders and subfolders.  
the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
Cranking the master volume level up past the mark of the bar only leads to distortion and compromised sound quality. 
The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
features[-][u][cc]It hold's a promised amount of songs, and the headphone jack/volume controls deliver a more impressive performance than creative's.   
player[-][s]However, this one makes an ipod sound like your old LP's, so even if you're a casual listener, I'd advise that you avoid the purchase of this product. Terrible.      
The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
I downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
P.S.  The only snag I encountered while initially configuring the device was trying to hook up the Micro to a front USB port.  The bus for the front port on my motherboard did not have enough power; after connecting it to the rear ports, it works perfectly.     
The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
The karma is only $5 more, it's small, had a 20 gig drive and supports more formats including ogg.  
After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
It seems like the software is just not responding. 
The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
While the software may not be as easy as I-Tunes, it is not difficult to use by any stretch. 
If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
It is the 'first generation' of the player, and while I still agree that it is a great alternative to the iPod, I think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck.   
If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
 Weak Points: - Touch Pad: design could be better - Volume Control: controlled through the vertical strip, but purchasing a headphone with built-in volume control will do the trick. 
- Radio Quality: weak reception     
The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
Still has terrible software.  
You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
Screen review could be better.  
Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
The touch buttons do take a little getting used to and I don't like how the scroll button is the same button used as an "enter" key, but you get used to it and it isn't a big deal. 
The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
While transferring songs to the player, the interface has crashed a few times (4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period) normally this would cause me major concern, but it appears that this bug is reproducible, which leads me to believe that Creative will fix it with a patched version shortly (or maybe it's just my computer). 
Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
es, the interface took a little getting used to, but once I did, it's almost second nature now.  
Only slight negatives I've had so far is that I haven't been able to get it to accept any of my WAV files yet.  
My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
is not as intuitive as I would like.  
Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
The machine itself seems fine, but the software that came with it is AWFUL. 
After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
I was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work, to no avail. 
Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
It DOES take some getting used to. 
whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
) -Can't be left in the car... it immediately shuts down with an overheating error if left in a hot car for too long. 
I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
Respectable, solid, but not awe-inspiring.          
where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
Unfortunately I was wrong.  
Within one month, my player completely died. 
(It had locked up multiple times previously, but always managed to work afterwards) This time, the touch screen wouldn't respond to me and none of the buttons worked. 
So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
It's too bad, though, that !
The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
Again, the headphone jack on this thing is garbage. 
Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
The flaw is inside the Zen. 
The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
Right now, the Creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly. 
This doesn't affect standard MP3 files - just subscription WMA files. 
The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
I don't know, maybe I got a defective one but first, the player would not shut off, next, the player would not come on - I had to send it away to get repaired.  
Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
. lens cap is a really annoying 
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase . 
made the camera totally inoperable . 
also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
audio on video also lacking . 
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low . 
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
On the plus side it's packed with features, including BlueTooth that works fine - it's really a tiny computer that is also a phone... and that's the negative.
As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
But not good enough for me.
I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
Don't use them, so I delete them for addtl space.
When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
Speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifaces the battery life.
Unfortunately , I sold it exactly a month later .
1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
4- My idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone excells at nothing , less  than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the "other than phone" functionalities , you'll be disappointed .... if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine .... but don't expect to get much done .
Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
I mean, they're short!
I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
It would not hang up on calls.
Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
They have the worst service of any of the major companies.
I really regret signing up with T-Mobile, but I'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract.
Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
Sometimes, various applications crash.
Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
The only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky.
It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
Some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "the bar of soap" which, it really is.
The only problem is the size of the keys.
My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
They really are awfully small.
Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
2) Phone is awfully slow.
Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
so, right out of the box i had issue.
namely, it wouldnt sync.
after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
and the battery life is bad !
I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
a bit dissapoitnd on that!
the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
T610 supports only midi files.
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint . 
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this -- 
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly . 
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
the volume . 
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
the vibration is not top . 
i am bored with the silver look . 
they are not wowable good . 
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
poor visibility on the keys . 
only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile . 
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do . 
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
the vibrate setting is loud ! 
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack . 
- some features in the user interface 
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
- no propietary headset jack 
only if we could get one camera in it . . 
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
its quiet . 
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work . 
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality . 
when talking the voice is not very clear . 
I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
The biggest problem is the installation.
Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
First, it serious, serious installation problems.
Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
But this doesn't make up for it's innumerable other short-comings, the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with LiveUpdate.
The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
I just uninstalled SystemWorks and Internet Security for at least the fifth time due to funtionality issues.
Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
Avoid this product at all costs.
There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
Stay away from this product!
I don't know what's happened to Norton, but 2004 is absolute garbage.
The customer support is pathetic.
I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
This product is absolutely not ready for release.
It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
If you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product, save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version.
From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
Norton support is completely pathetic.
DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
It was a Symantec error.
After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
This is definitely one of those products, especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit.
The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
Can't get easier than that!
I already knew something was wrong, because much of the Spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.
I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
Booting up my computer took forever!!!
Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
My file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites.
Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
They didn't know what the problem could be.
I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
But those 2 come up every time.
Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
Their site offers no live help at all.
I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
I finally got a free support number for Norton through my ISP support staff, but waited an hour or more for a voice.
They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
However, I suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
I had tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn't let me do that either.
I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement . 
This pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore 
the conrols are awkward and the entire front is touch sensitive.  
Although the images are not the best in the world 